src/about.md, before:

<img src="/images/photo.jpeg" class="right photo" title="Filipe Rodrigues" alt="Photo of Filipe Rodrigues" />

# About me

Hello there!

I'm Filipe Rodrigues. I was born in the very-late-80s in Portugal, where
I still live. I don't take myself very seriously, nor should you!

On the internet, and often <abbr title="Away From Keyboard">AFK</abbr>,
I usually go by "shello", the handle I've used since the early 2000s.

I spend probably too much of my own time among computers, but I'm also
paid for doing that, working mostly on back-end web development.

On the technology front, the topics I like to explore, and hold *firm*
opinions on (ranging from educated to laughably informed) are UNIX-like
systems, scripting, security, and programming habits.

Beyond computers and technology, my interests span sciences, visual arts
and nature.
I'm a lover of furry friends like ferrets, otters, hedgehogs and
owls&mdash;but I'm not a guardian to a pet in any of those species.


## Contact

You can find a list of web places I frequent on the [home page](/).

If you care, my [PGP public key](/PGP_PubKey-Filipe_Rodrigues.asc)
([keyserver](http://pool.sks-keyservers.net:11371/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0xD28490BCFBFAAEAD))
has the fingerprint `AC52 27BB DC25 CB68 E541 BEBB D284 90BC FBFA AEAD`.


## Website

This website was generated using Roman Zolotarev's <a href="https://www.romanzolotarev.com/ssg.html" title="ssg">ssg</a>.
You can check its source on <a href="https://github.com/shello/fili.pe" title="GitHub page for fili.pe">GitHub</a>.


<style>
  .photo {
    width: 250px;
    height: 250px;
  }
</style>

Commit message:

Make small tweaks on homepage and about page (incl. IPA).

src/about.md, after:

<img src="/images/photo.jpeg" class="right photo" title="Filipe Rodrigues" alt="Photo of Filipe Rodrigues" />

# About me

Hello there!

I'm Filipe Rodrigues <sup class="ipa">([IPA][ipa]: /fi.ˈli.pɘ
rʊ.ˈdri.ɡəʒ/)</sup>. I was born in the very-late-80s in Portugal, where
I still live. I don't take myself very seriously, nor should you!

On the internet, and often <abbr title="Away From Keyboard">AFK</abbr>,
I usually go by "shello"<sup class="ipa">([IPA][ipa]: /ˈʃɛ.lːo/)</sup>,
the handle I've used since the early 2000s.

I spend probably too much of my own time among computers, but I'm also
paid for doing that, working mostly on back-end web development.

On the technology front, the topics I like to explore, and hold *firm*
opinions on (ranging from educated to laughably informed) are UNIX-like
systems, scripting, security, and programming habits.

Beyond computers and technology, my interests span sciences,
electronics, visual arts, puzzles, and nature. Some of them make part of
my pastimes.

I'm a lover of furry friends like ferrets, otters, hedgehogs and
owls&mdash;but I'm not a guardian to any animal.


## Contact

You can find a list of web places I frequent on the [home page](/).

If you care, my [PGP public key](/PGP_PubKey-Filipe_Rodrigues.asc)
([keyserver](http://pool.sks-keyservers.net:11371/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0xD28490BCFBFAAEAD))
has the fingerprint `AC52 27BB DC25 CB68 E541 BEBB D284 90BC FBFA AEAD`.


## Website

You can check this website's source code on [GitHub][fili.pe_source]. It
is generated using Roman Zolotarev's [`ssg`][ssg].


[ipa]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Phonetic_Alphabet "International Phonetic Alphabet"
[ssg]: https://www.romanzolotarev.com/ssg.html "ssg, a static site generator written in shell"
[fili.pe_source]: https://github.com/shello/fili.pe "GitHub page for fili.pe"


<style>
  .photo {
    width: 250px;
    height: 250px;
  }
  .ipa {
    font-family: sans-serif;
    font-variant-ligatures: none;
  }
</style>
